Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
We're approaching foreign territory.
It's about this picture.
Which one is my Father?
What would you do if it was your son?
MiGs on our 6.
He's a traitor.
So how do you tell them from us?
We wear white hats.
Now all we have to do is
attack Russia, steal a kid,
and try not to get caught
by our own government.
How would you like to see your Father?
Come on.
I know they taught you English
before they shut down the orphanage.
And I speak lousy Vietnamese.
You are Ho Minh Truong, right?
My Father is in America. He's a pilot.
He's gone. My Mother, too.
Answer my question.
How would you like to see your Father?
Want to try it again, Dom?
What would you do if I was paid overtime?
0.98, Mach point 0.99.
Mach 1.
Prepare to retrograde in 10 seconds.
Do I have a choice?
8 seconds… 6…
Why can't we hover like
regular helicopter people?
4 seconds.
This is a hell of a way to stop a…
2…
Now.
Turbos off
I need more power.
Engaging rotors.
You've got it all.
Abort! Give me back the turbos.
I was lousy?
We're alive.
Yeah, but I was lousy.
Need a little more practice.
Yeah, maybe tomorrow, String.
I'll be on straight time then.
It shouldn't take more than a couple of weeks.
It's not like you'd be missing anything.
Well, maybe some cello music
and the mellow mating tones
of the red-tipped sparrow,
but I can always send you a cassette of that.
You can't send me pure, fresh air.
You'll be flying Radar Officer
on a high-altitude recon jet.
You'll be on oxygen most of the time.
What's purer than oxygen?
Forget the view. Forget fresh air.
I'm talking about an American
pilot who's going to steal
our hottest tactical aircraft
and deliver it to the Russians.
Somebody's got to stop him.
We don't know who he is.
We only know that the plan is to steal one
when we deploy the first planes next week.
He could be any one of those pilots.
Replace them.
We can't.
The ferry pilots are also the
training officers after delivery.
Replacing them could slow everything
down by at least 6 months.
What a shame.
A multi-million dollar plane is about
to be handed over to the Russians
and your classification
of the problem is "shame."
I compliment you.
Your mastery of silence is exceeded
only by your facility at understatement.
But measuring this with the word "shame"
surpasses all your previous
achievements in articulation.
Why, thank you.
Since you seem to be removed from
the problems of the world today,
perhaps we should bring you up-to-date.
You see, there are these bad guys.
They're called the Russians.
I think I've heard of them.
And then there's us.
What do they call us?
It varies in different parts of the world,
but for the sake of this conversation,
we'll call ourselves the "good guys."
So how do you tell them from us?
That's easy.
We wear white hats.
You'd look good in a white hat, Mr. Hawke.
Very good.
Well,
I guess we'd better get one for Dominic, too.
Dominic will never pass as a military pilot.
We'll work somethin' out.
They're great.
Sure glad they're ours.
Hey, if you're going for a tan,
I'd suggest you slip out of that flight suit.
What are you starin' at?
You remember an Army Captain in Nam
by the name of Stringfellow Hawke?
Flew Hueys.
He pulled me out of Indian territory once.
Good reason to remember.
Who could forget a name
like Stringfellow Hawke?
Said he was gonna fly civilian.
Been assigned here.
On the Army exchange program.
No kiddin'.
He probably couldn't make it on the outside.
Some of us just make lousy
civilians, you know what I mean?
See you later, Chief.
Do you still expect people
to read your silences?
Only if I don't know what to say.
It's been 10 years, Nhi Huong.
A little over 11.
Did you look for me?
By the time I got out of the hospital,
Saigon had fallen.
Did you try?
Does it matter?
No.
What are you doing here?
Trying to bring my family together.
I've been hanging around here waiting for you
for 10 minutes.
You know what they call guys
that hang around men's rooms?
What do you want? A tip?
Look, I said I'd be your cover,
but you could have made me a
pilot or a mechanic, but no.
I told you, I need you on and off the base.
Nobody notices a guy with a mop.
They do in a room like this.
Just a minute, we want privacy.
Hold the… hold the flying
pattern for a minute, will you?
We're changin' the ice in the head.
We've got privacy.
There's a Nhi Huong Truong on the base.
I want to know her status
and reason for being here.
Personal or business?
Personal.
Don't press it.
What did you learn from those guys out there?
That their capacity for
alcohol hasn't diminished.
You better duck into a stall
before I let this guy in
or you're gonna get some funny looks.
For what? I'm an officer…
and a gentlemen.
Nhi Huong Truong.
If his Mother was still in Vietnam,
you think he'd tell you where?
He's never even seen his Father.
All this is unnecessary.
Look, you're supposed to be helping me,
not holding an interrogation.
Would you please just sign the visa form?
Mr. Zimmer, this is my country, not yours.
I decide what is necessary here or not.
As long as it doesn't
take more than 20 minutes.
My country runs on a precise schedule.
His Father is whoever I say he is.
Now you just sign the visa and say goodbye,
because I know what your orders are.
We're on our 5th bottle here
and we have yet to have a legitimate toast.
Not enough booze in us to get that silly.
It's not silly, it's a
responsibility to the champagne.
It's a… it's a formality.
It's not like we're drinkin'
a case of beer here.
Okay, okay, that's enough.
Who has anything nice
to say about Stringfellow Hawke?
He's quiet.
That's good. He's quiet. That's good.
He's pretty.
He's pretty. That's good.
He looks nice in that new uniform, too.
Not that nice.
I think you're right about that.
Maybe we ought to stick
with, "He's pretty quiet."
Here's to Hawke. Welcome home.
Wait a minute. Hold it.
There's more to the ceremony.
You've got to make a speech, Hawke. Stand up
and be a fool, or all this don't count.
I got to go to the bathroom.
Okay, Josh, my boy,
why don't you give me a little port rudder
and pull your nose up about 5°.
Can't you just say take a
left turn and don't fall?
That wouldn't be military, would it?
Right. Right.
And we're not fit
for the world of civilians and humans, right?
It's different.
Different. Different.
You know, for guys like us, it's like a,
it's a ballpark with no fences.
There's no way to hit a home run.
But if you don't get a hit once in a while,
they're… they're just waiting to beat on you
and tell you you're not fit for anything
besides burnin' out villages.
Tried his luck as a civilian
a couple of years ago.
It kicked him around pretty good.
Don't talk for me, Sam.
You know, I've been wearing blue uniforms
since… since my first shave.
Yeah, I… I've been into this
wave the flag and go for broke business
since I, since I traded in my virginity
for a pair of wings and a,
and a fancy football helmet
with a microphone in it.
And you wanna know something?
You want to know something?
You know, it all don't mean nothin'
outside of this prefabricated
world that we live in here.
Could be bull! It is.
I… I went out into the world
of worsteds and attaché cases
and I was introduced around
as the resident freak.
Oh, I mean, they… they treat you nice
and all that kind of social puke
and then they, they wanted to see my medals.
And then they asked me how many people
I figured I… I burned to death
at 4,000 feet.
'Cause they don't know. They don't care.
I spent 3 years of my life in hell.
And they don't give a damn.
It don't have nothin’ to do with them.
Then who the hell are we doing it for?
I do it for myself.
Let go of me, Sam.
I can stagger without any help at all.
How long has he been like that?
Since they passed him over for promotion.
When was that?
Over a year ago.
And before?
What in the hell are you up to?
My job.
Which is?
Working with you as an exchange pilot.
That's what your orders say.
You have as much business
doing that as I do shuttlin' a Huey.
They brought you back, recalled
you for this one mission.
How do you know?
My wife is General Masello's secretary.
I also know your orders didn't
come from Air Force HQ.
They came from Washington.
Langley, to be exact.
She can lose her job
digging into things like that.
I don't think so.
You and Nhi Huong were too close
for you to do something like that to her.
You've got a check ride at 0700 hours.
Be on time.
I understand your IP is real tough.
You'll have to move that jeep.
You can't leave it there, I'm sorry.
Hey, you know where I
can find a Captain Hawke?
What'd he do, make a mess in the
Officers' Club, or something?
He's the Army exchange pilot.
Who's he up with?
An instructor pilot.
Does he have a name?
Major Roper.
High-frequency recorders?
Functioning.
High-speed surveillance?
I can't reach it.
Loosen your shoulder straps and
check the negative displacer.
MiGs on our 6.
Something just ain't right up there.
I got both of 'em.
And me.
You're grounded.
What are you talking about?
You can't ground me.
The hell I can't.
I was right!
You're not here as an
exchange pilot, are you?
Hawke, I have to make that ferry flight.
Why?
'Cause it's my job!
All right, there's more.
What?
I can't tell you, Hawke.
Then you're grounded.
I'm callin' in all favors.
Whatever you figure,
you owe me for old times' sake.
I think you're askin' me to overpay.
If you won't do it for me,
do it for Nhi Huong.
I asked for a meeting, but why here?
I thought you'd like my office.
You assigned me.
I'm sorry I don't have time to
discuss your choice of furnishings.
It's not my choice. Watch your feet.
What did you want to tell me?
That now we both know Roper is our man.
Don't tell me what I know.
How about telling me something I don't know?
Will you have your gladiator
sheath his sword first?
Thank you.
Roper is married to a Vietnamese national.
Not out of the ordinary.
But when you requested information
on her through your janitor,
I had her checked into more thoroughly.
I guess that means I talked too much.
Rare, but a fact.
Mrs. Roper has a child, an Amerasian son.
She's been trying to get him to the States
ever since you first arrived here.
Mothers have been known to do that.
So, I've heard.
We checked and found that the boy…
The kid got a name?
Ho Minh.
He was housed at an orphanage
till the government closed it.
Then he managed to survive
in the streets for a while.
The kid doesn't have half a chance.
Can't you get him out of there?
It seems he is now a ward of the USSR.
With the cooperation of the VC government.
Ho Minh has been transported
to a Russian air base
at Omrylkot, Russia.
So what?
Omrylkot is only 180 miles from Alaska.
One of the planes is scheduled to be delivered
to Shemya Air Force Base in Alaska.
And Roper is the pilot?
Not yet.
But since he's the Commander,
he makes out the duty chart.
You've done quite well, Hawke.
By intuition, you've managed to open the latch
that opened the door for us.
What about Roper?
He's a traitor.
Not yet, he's not.
Well, the Firm is not
going to wait till he is.
And the boy?
A 12-year-old waif is no trade
for a newly designed,
multi-million dollar plane.
Depends on who does the trading, doesn't it?
I do.
When is Ho Minh's birthday?
He's 12 years old. Don't let your
imagination run away with you.
I don't want you to do anything
about Roper. Let him be.
You expect me to just sit back and let him…
I'll guarantee no plane will be
turned over to the Russians.
You're not co-signing an auto loan.
Your guarantee is not enough.
It'll have to be.
And if it's not?
I'll trade Airwolf for the boy.
What do you want?
You knew that was comin'.
I know I deserved it, too.
Get up.
What was that one for, interest?
That was instead of a firin' squad.
They don't shoot you for makin' a
fool of yourself on a check ride.
They do for turnin' aircraft
over to the Russians.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You'd better start rememberin'.
Because I'm the only thing standing
between you and a blindfold.
Hey, mister, could you tell me something?
Are you hungry again?
Yeah, that, too.
But it's about this picture.
Yeah. What about it?
Could you tell me which one is my Father?
Which one would you like it to be?
Any one of them is okay.
Damn it, Sam. You're too smart to
think you could get away with this.
I'm not a traitor. Before I'd
turn that plane over to anybody,
I'd ditch with it in the Bering Sea.
Yeah, and freeze to death in 11 minutes.
It'd be worth the gamble.
You've never been an idiot before.
I've never been a Father before either.
I have a son, Hawke.
A son I've never seen before.
A son who doesn't even know who I am.
Why didn't he come out with Nhi Huong?
They were separated.
He was in the Swiss Hospital there.
He was due to come on the next
flight, but he never made it.
Nhi wanted to stay.
I convinced her he'd be all
right. That was the only way.
How did the Russians contact you?
Hanoi contacted Nhi first.
They strung us out for over a year,
finally turned us over to a Russian.
You really think you can pull this off?
I figured I'd make a navigational error
and be forced down in their territory.
In time, I'd be exchanged.
You said you'd ditch the plane
before you'd turn it over.
That's exactly what I was
going to do. Call an emergency
and ditch before I get to the island.
I figured they'd give me
my boy just for tryin'.
You really believe that?
It will work.
If you'd just stay out of it, Hawke.
I can't stay out of it.
What would you do if it was your son?
You owe it to Sam.
He saved your life when it
still meant something to you.
I never told you that.
What about it, Hawke?
Pay Sam back.
A man has a right to see his son.
No! Not a chance!
Just hold on, Dom.
I can't have an excitable man
making precision adjustments on it.
You see what I mean? You're
not even thinking straight.
Look, you can't say a thing
about it on the phone.
Archangel probably has it tapped.
That only saves me from havin' to
make a direct call to Michael.
Just don't you pick up a tail.
Me? Nobody tails me.
Then I can trust you to handle everything.
Doesn't my saying no mean anything to you?
Only when you mean it. See you later.
Michael,
you'll find that if you add
some pine-scented detergent
to your scrub water,
you'll give your bathrooms
that fresh outdoor aroma.
All, right, we're takin' off in 3 sections.
Winner and Jones to Corpus Christi,
Simms and Lewis to Orlando,
and I'm taking the Alaska run with Hawke.
These flight plans and re-fueling points
read like a crossword puzzle, Sam.
That's exactly how they’ll read
to foreign satellite radar.
I want to use low-level
flying whenever possible.
Desert and water.
Let's make this as difficult as we can.
For who? I didn't think
this was still a secret.
Maybe not, we're not advertisin' either.
Any further questions?
All right then, good luck to you all.
Hawke, I'd like to see you for a second.
Everything going the way you want it so far?
Well, the flight plan ought
to put enough gaps in radar
to keep Air Defense busy.
Unless we messed them up too much
and they call the flight back.
Once you take off, there's no turnin' back.
You just go deaf and dumb and
you do just what I tell you.
Thank you. You want to tell me
now how you're going to do it?
With a helicopter.
Eagle flight, you're cleared for take off.
Eagle flight rolling.
We've just passed the point of no return.
Roger.
Sir, I've lost contact with Eagle 3.
Give him a call.
It could be atmospheric.
You're a janitor.
You see how clean that desert is?
You'll get a radio signal
when it's time to take off.
Resume your present flight plan.
How am I gonna explain you're not with me?
You won't have to.
Sure is cold out here.
Cold? You call this cold?
I remember the time your Dad and me
were ferrying planes from Thule to England.
We had to stop over in Iceland.
It got so cold on that one flight
that the engines froze right
in the middle of the air
and we couldn't come down.
That ought to warm you up.
2,000… 4,000…
8,000… 12,000…
There he is.
Eagle 3, Base.
Eagle 3 to Base.
3, we've have been unable to read you
for the past 20 minutes. Over.
Sorry, Base. I had a
pressurization leak indicated,
I dropped to below Angel's 10 to check it out.
3 are you declaring an emergency?
Negative. Negative.
It's a malfunctioning light.
I'm climbing back to Angel's 30.
Roger, Eagle 3. Cleared 300.
Keep an eye on him, if he drops
off again, I want to know.
Yes, sir.
We got away with it so far.
Sure.
Now all we have to do
is attack Russia, steal a kid,
and try not to get caught
by our own government.
In the meantime, I still don't know
what all these knobs and…
and… and buttons are for.
I wouldn't sweat it, Dom.
If you touch that eject button,
you'll be the first to know.
Hey, what's that?
Put on the descrambler.
Oh, sure.
That's not the one.
Okay, which one is it?
Upper left.
Right next to the Shrike missile. Be careful.
Good afternoon, Stringfellow.
I don't suppose you'd consider
giving me your coordinates?
Dom's the navigator here.
Oh, good. Then at least the cockpit
has been freshly scrubbed.
How long did it take you to figure out
what I was going to do?
When you disappeared on the radar screen.
Hawke, I'd like to see you bring the boy back.
But we've got to keep the plane.
Amazing!
Behind that impeccable
white suit beats a heart
of recyclable plastic.
That's very good, Dominic.
Hawke, please give him a sugar
cube and a pat on the neck for me.
I may not be accurate about your location,
but I can sure make an educated guess
as to your destination. Can I assist?
Yeah, you can feed my dog.
How did you know I was…
Sometimes, Hawke, you amaze even me.
Good luck.
How come Archangel's "good luck"
always sounds like "goodbye?"
Turn on the radar scanner.
Do I guess, or will you give me a hint?
It's the green light next
to the chain gun power.
Says here we're 2.5 miles from Nome, Alaska.
Whatever happened to that
"flying by the seat of your pants" stuff?
It went out when designers started
to write their names on your behind.
Ferry 3 to Control.
Eagle 3, Go.
Ferry 3, I'll be dropping
altitude and altering directions.
This is not an emergency.
I repeat, this is not an emergency.
Negative Eagle 3! Maintain your
present heading and altitude.
You are not authorized to deviate
from the flight plan, over.
Strap her down, Dom.
Why not let those people
mow their own lawns?
Increasing speed.
I can't think of any way to help him.
Short of an invasion of Russia,
all we can do is be restrained spectators.
Too bad. He's a very capable man.
Hawke or Dominic?
I never met Dominic Santini.
Well, he's not nearly as
attractive as Stringfellow.
Well, I hope both of them make it.
For professional reasons, I'm sure.
Of course.
String, it's time for some
serious thoughts on religion.
We just crossed our protective zone.
We're approaching foreign territory.
I'm slowing.
I'm going to match Ferry 3's air speed.
Hey, you invite anyone else on this trip?
How many?
The readout says MiG-23, 20 miles away.
Now will you act a little worried?
Check the ground scanner and
see what's at the airstrip.
3 low buildings, some equipment,
and a radar trailer.
Which one shows the most heat on the scanner?
The one on the west end is
giving off the hottest signals.
That's where Ho Minh will be.
I'll blind them, you make them deaf
You're forgetting the MiGs.
We'll send 'em a decoy missile to chase.
You ready?
Will you take no for an answer?
Sure.
They're deaf but they're not blind.
We're coming in like a jet.
You know the procedure.
I know we never did it right once!
There's always a first time.
Targeting countdown.
Yeah, yeah, all right, I'm ready.
You've got all the firepower.
Be ready to cut turbos.
Come on, kid. We're headin' back
for the land of hamburgers and heartburn.
Are you my Father?
You'll know him when you see him.
Get the ball now, boy.
You're going to receive a reprimand
on your service record
for not arriving in Alaska with Roper.
Does that mean I'm not gonna make General?
I certainly hope so.
Have you considered a
career in airplane theft?
I still haven't quite
figured out how you managed
to keep switching planes and still
keep our radar in the dark.
You have to ask Dominic about that.
Dominic's not talking to me.
I'd like to keep it that way.
Well, if you'll excuse me, I think
I'll just go stare at the lake.
Looking at them, I know it was all worth it.
Maybe it's about time for
some truth about Ho Minh?
Ho Minh's last name is Roper.
It always has been.
I guess I gotta live with that answer.
It's the only answer I'll ever give.
Fair enough.
But if your son ever needs me, I'll be there.
You'll have to be.
We're giving him an American name.
What's that?
Guess?
Stringfellow's no name for a kid like that.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org